+-Little Heavy, Mobile should light weighted. Those days gone when bulky phone is good.

+-Outdated Think this is the model of 2010 when no one make touch screen and no one have those facility but now a days if you spend 30K you will get far better and Larger screen phone with all the features.

+-Camara 8 MP when now u can get 13 to 20 MP in front and Front 5 MP. One thing should remember dont mix with 10k phone price camara. You can't compare COW vs Dog.Compare with Moto G, Lumia 730 atleast.

+-Why maintenance is tooooo much costly. When u visit store for maintenance after warranty you are finished !!!

+- Not a good product .I have purchased iphone 5s. But there is a problem with the mobile if i call someone i am hearing lot of disturbance in the mobile but if i put it in loudspeaker mode it working fine no issues
+- Very Heat and not satisfied
+- Camera and Torch Light does not work properly
+-pathetic .very bad phone. i have used it for several months. most features bad. hangs very often. Battery is horrible.
+-Very slow, low battery.It comes with iOS 9 or latest iOS, because of that you will feel lags while operating.. low battery if you are on 3G
+-Please do not buy this iPhone .I'm hugely disappointed with this iPhone as the battery hardly lasts an hour and also the speaker sometimes makes strange noises
+-Iphone 5S,The product turned out to have EXTREMELY/ABYSMALLY low battery life. I have to charge the same at least three times a day and have to constantly carry a power pack with me.
+-not good. heating problem,less ram,less internal space,not a full hd display ,low resolution camera ,picture quality far below from a digital camera screen size is also less

+-Charger quelty is poor .i have open box and put charge phone suddenly charge blast spark all wire of charge,phone is removed from charger so Luke phone is safe but charger lost. there is no any issue at my home wiring other phone charge ok after that also
+-Guys, be careful, this device doesn't support 4G though it is 5s.Our assumption is all iphone 5s does support 4G

+-worst mobile ever only having good build quality.worst front camera when compared to xiaomi Mi4 ,u can compare it by yourself..Only brand name that too going to disappear soon due to so called 'nothing new' so called apple now....
+-not worth the money...Go for iphone6 if u need an apple phone
+-Worst Expericence .After 2 months of usage it started rebooting problem and suddenly got dead.
+-Very worst scenario.The initial screen is flickering. The boot up is not working properly, it is not going to the next step after the initial settings. I have tried with multiple proper SIM cards, all were failed to launch the mobile. Very worst scenario :( .Was this product not tested at all.... very very unfair, not at all acceptable
+-copy of samsung s4 and s3 micromaxcanvas knight is best than this micromax 350 cost just 9 k iphone 5 s very high cost  if u wait 1 more month it will be half of this rate the rate when iphone released is 60 kand now it 20 k
+-Apple repair service is very bad in India.My iPhone 5s having battery drain and excessive heating issue. And Apple is not repairing it. Still it is in warranty.Every time they ask me to factory reset my iphone. But it did not resolve it.
+-Dont Buy This Phone... !! BEWARE !!very bad experience....!! worst phone ever...
very slow processing speed.... camera quality is good but not up to the mark....!!front camera gives blury images....very small screen
+- Battery drain with in 4 hours of full charge and it heated up very fast 

+- Installed only 3 apps so far and it hangs giving a very bad touch usage experience 
 
+-Shit Phone From BULLSHIT APPLE Friends don't buy this bullshit phone.SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 2 is much much better than this shit..Infact NOTE 2 have much more features than this.AND IN LESS PRICE.............
+-Pathetic battery.6 months later battery drains fully in 4 hours and phone heats up even when not used. not worth the price paid
+-bad experience Not working Freezing issue twice a day
+-Worst experience, Purchased IPhone 5s 16 GB and found Microphone is not working
+- Heating and battery drain issues full heating issue, even not able to hold the mobile during video call and battery drained from 95% to 40% in 40 min video call
+-S stands for Shit For this kind of money, I can buy the best stylus phone, more powerful and feature proof. It's prehistoric icons, uncustomizable screens, paid apps, non removable battery, lack of expandable memory are a dead turn off.

+-less battry back up and its getting heat very soon.I bought my iphone 5s, but am not satisfied with this, very less batry back up and i dont knw its becoming too heat if i play game for 5 mins.This is too pathetic..
+-waste apple mobile .it is the waste phone ever.in the phone sensor only good .my phone apple finger print was sensor was gone quikly so . the look is only good . because of look and name of the company only it was getting by others. so dont buy this phone.if we compair to moto g the moto g is good the price also perfect
.
+-worst ,people are telling note 3 with all its massive specs as a shit becouse of its price. but this mobile with 16 gb memory costs more than note 3 as good never buy a apple phne
+-Apple has been crazy but didn't think this bad....At this price i would get much much better phone like the note 3.... even the galaxy s4 is better than this even though it is older, All flagship models of android OEMs are better than this....

+-FOOLS aND IDIOTS BUY aPPLE PHONES OTHERS BUY NOKIa , LG , OR KaRBONN. BEaCUSE SCREEN ND BaCK SIDE GETS BROKEN IF aNY IPHONE FaLLS DOWN. NO aPPS, SMaLL PHONE FOR 40K. NO USE FOR REGULR PHN USERS COS NTNG IN THIS PHONE LIKE aPPS , GOOD BUILD OR ETC. BUY LUMIa OR LG G2
+-WORST CELL PHONE OUT THERE SERVICE INCOMPETENT .he iPhone is horrible. They have incompetent service personnel, their executive department has no authority to do anything and EVERY update creates problems the phone did not previously have, yet never fixes the KNOWN problems they acknowledge.

+-The Apple UI is so hard to use, and the battery drains like there's no tomorrow, even on full charge. The only thing that's good is the aesthetics. They probably made the phone so thin, they couldn't fit in 1 gb of ram, and a decent processor. You can't even expand the memory.
At least you can get better processors, more RAM, more storage space and expadability/connectivity options with Android phones.

+-Overhyped, Overrated, Overpriced.Ok, I didn't buy this phone. It's a prize from a friend of mine. After comparing this phone to my Galaxy Note II, everything that exists in this phone also exists in My Note II. Even my Note II have much more features. People say this is the best phone, but it's just a gimmick & hype. I can't even customize the home screen like my Note II. The UI is as simple as usual, just a boring grid of icons . As you know, no widgets here, it's pretty boring for a person who always want speed & ease like me. I don't want to open the mail app just for checking my email, it can be done faster & easier with widgets. The maps app sucks, the map of my country isn't complete. Luckily I can download Google Maps from the app store. The signal & the speaker are weak. The proximity sensor behave weirdly. G sensor is not sensitive. I can't transfer music via bluetooth. Why do you buy iphone if there are many smartphones that are better & cheaper than the iphone?

+-No battery life.My phone battery died after only having phone brand new didn't last a full 2 years Apple would not replace battery they wanted me to pay no more I phones for me going back to android

+-Poor battery life and reception

+-Battery Life is horrible

+-Phone is a piece of garbage

+-i don't like it...

+-This phone is over rated!

+-need batter battery life, more free apps

+-Hard to type

+-Buy something else

+-waist of money

+-Very unhappy and shocked my child and i.Very unhappy with this phone.. Heats up after any real degree of use .. Over heats has actually shocked both myself and ten year old son doesn't always charges freezes up.. Have also received no real satisfaction with tmobile even though I have been a customer of over 9 years there solution offered is a refurbished phone even though I purchased a new phone jan 25th ( less than two months ago)

+-Bad Phone

+-So many problems

+-The most frustrating phone I have ever owned ! 

+-simple phone. not worth its price

+-Iphone not ready for prime time

+-Loved it at first; hate it 8 months in 

+-Trix are for kids

+-Switching to Android

+-Coverage problems

+-Signal is horrible

+-not worth buying

+-Terrible reception, still no wifi calling!

+-Thought it was great until I tried new Androids

+-I'im no longer satisfied!

+-kinda disappointed

+-Could be Better

+-Great Phone, Bad Battery

+-this phone has to many bugs.

+-critically faulty iPhone

+-Damage after one week

+-Not satisfied.first day working properly 2nd day showing sim not detected.3rd day while using time phone overheat.now it is ok but very slow function but working.still am observing wre is the problem cse 1st am using i phone.
+-I can't got whatsapp messenger...
+-no third party app supported 

+-no system file access which is irritating 

+-limited Bluetooth use

+-so many extensions are blocked not even downloadable

+-its call record not working.

+-software and touch pad are not working properly.

+-my I phone is giving me a problem it is always freezing even as am talking to you now it haqs freeze and gone off which am not able to on it. 
+-I faced the problem  is that the callers can't hear but I hear everything.
+-camera is blank or its not focus properly.......
+-i buy this phone last month it waste of money to buy this mobile 
+-Total waste. frequent problem in touch screen, call recording is missing
+-its most dangerous phone.
+-I have a problem in my camera,when i open camera sometimes the camera it's
+-not giving satisfactory service to customer. Hidding terms and conditions of their offers.
+-Been using this fone for 2 months now & I''l admit the battery life is average will last a day on heavy use, but besides that the fone does everything with ease
+-Am very much disappointed with battery life 
+-when my phone was not in use the battery drains too quick
+-Am very much disappointed with battery life of this beautiful phone,
+-phone getting hot when use
+-My battery get drain fast at the time of phone not in use
+- I noticed within the first hour of using the phone for a 5 minute conversation, the phone heated up really fast and my friend reported poor sound quality
+-it is really slow i am very disappointed
+-This fone is not short on specs has everything. Battery isnt the best but i get just over a day on moderate usage
+- Overheating and worst battery backup 
+-poor battery life and other problems arise after a month of usage.
+- i have a problem random restart and shutdown once a day i dont know the problem. 1 to 2 times a day restart or shutdown
+- I take phone today, but there is no LTE option in networks
+-LAGING,LESS BATTERY TIMMING AND HEATUP...AND ABOUT THE DISPLAY THAT IT IS TOO SHARP AND IT HURTS YOUR EYES
+-the battery is taking so long to recharge?? about 6 hours ..
+-This phone drains your battery if you use brightness above 50%. Also the stanby time is bad I lose 5% every 3hours
+- the battery is just average. About the overheating, it happen once a month back where the phone was heating up for no reason,l had to turn it off to stop the heating. It does not happen often or if you play heavy games
+-hearing sound not working. please refund my money as soon as possible.

+-Worst experience, Purchased IPhone 5s 16 GB and found Microphone is not working.
+-The phone heats up quite easily. You can iron a cloth. Battery back up is horrible. With    3/4G on it can hardly last for more than 5 hrs. Not recommended.
+- Don't know the problem is my phone or all phones selling at Amazon. Received the phone yesterday and full heating issue, even not able to hold the mobile during video call and battery drained from 95% to 40% in 40 min video call.
+- Its not even a month and the phone has stopped working. And now i have to run to a service centre     and not have a phone until it's fixed. It's disappointing.
+- Microphone not working ( enabling and disabling working sometimes),,,speaker not working product had 1yr warranty,,,,that doesn't mean that its genuine for indian customers apple is making bad products and it is one of the example.
+- Most over rated , if it was cheap I would have thrown it.
+-when i receive this order at that time it was in good condition and i didn't check properly, but after 1 months i was facing lot of problem in this phone. Display of this phone was not working properly, speaker is also not working. i am totally disappointed with this product. 
+- Battery backup s really poor
+- The device becomes very hot. Doubt the authenticity.
+- The phone is constantly hanging and getting stuck. The touch screen was not working right from the time I received it. A few days later it suddenly started working again so I didn't complain. Now again it isn't working.
+- It heats up very much in light usage,camera is worse its not even 5mp,Battery drains heavily and iOS is not good
+- Product was not good.It really disappointed me.It cause over heating.
+- too much heating problem and phone hanging issues and call connecting issues.
+- Bad phone within 20 minutes mobile getting too hot. I want to replace my mobile.
+- My Phone is problematic I have already taken to I phone service centre once when i placed a return request but for few days it worked and now again i am facing problems like camera, swipe to start etc. hangs don’t know what to do as now Amazon says that after 10days any issue I need to reach out to the dealer directly who is not based in my city, I feel i am in a fix now.
+- The phone heats up like anything. It's very dangerous flaw. When it starts getting heat up then it is  so hot that I get scared. Really disappointed with my purchase as it seemed to be like a faulty product.
+- Screen resolution not good compared to other iPhones.
+- The body becomes hot and the phone hangs if i open any app. It has hanged more than 4 rimes in less than a month. Is it phones problem or software, because not everyone is having the issue. The phone seems to be a defective piece sold online so that no one comes to know and the return is also tricky.
+- The iPhone 5S has very poor connectivity. I have another apple device and both the phones on same network show different signal strength making the 5S very poor.
+- This iPhone 5s voice and Touch ID is defective. Cannot hear anything when I call someone or when I receive a call and Touch ID does not function smoothly.
+- After one month of use i am getting white patches on the screen every time while minimizing apps. Phone is getting automatically switch off.
+- Phone is heading so much on Wi+-Fi and while playing game .I recommend don't buy during an Offer PEROID.
+- Not upto the mark from Apple. Getting lot of heat and battery is getting drained out in no time. returned the item for refund.
+- It's getting hanged very frequently. I didn’t expect that it will get hanged so early. Even its charger is not working properly.
+- I have got handset which has less audio output. Not 100% satisfied. As I have to replace it again from Apple care.
+- In that phone heating is major ptroblem. Poor quality of product and no one taking responsibility.
+- Bad performance. Voice quality worse than my old 4S phone and the touch does not work well.
+- Phone worked well for a week or two and it has some screen problem, bad product.
+- Not happy this time. The phone had some hardware problem. Blue screen came and it went to recovery mode, have requested a replacement. Hope to get a good one.
+- The phone is getting overheated. I have requested an exchange.
+- It gets hot while charging and the headphons are also faulty.
+- Auto brightness option is not visible in brightness and display menu .merge calls are not working.
+- Wrong decision. Not happy. Even charger wire not found.
+- WORST Device, never DARE buy it ever better opt for 6S.
+- The phone was too slow and the charger wasn't working.
+- The worst as ever. The iPhone 5s 16GB is getting heated like anything i ordered twice. The same problem persists both times. Don’t buy from cloudtail its worst. fully disappointed.
+- Poor product. The sleep or wake button is not working. I went to the imagine service center there they said they will replace a new mobile. It’s better to buy in stores itself.
+- overall I’m not happy with the product, started getting hanged and device gets heated up, went to service centre in first month itself.
+- My experience is quite disheartening, At first I received a damaged instrument, The caller is not able to hear when I speak, I hv to put on th speaker or plug in th earphone to speak, I didn’t want to exchange as there r experiences of others who did not receive the refund, I do not have the time either to pursue it either.
+- I had the worst experience from iPhone 5s it started hanging and showing black screens as soon as someone calls on my iPhone.
+- I am not happy in this product because it is not working properly some hanged & some time automatically switched off.
+- It's been 6 month's using the phone and each day is full of troubles. Can't hear, at times person the other side can't hear me....cannot return the product now....it's a mess!! Guys please be very sure of buying such costly stuff, especially if a sale kind of thing is on.
+- I purchased i phone 5s in Sep'14. Now in Dec'14, it stopped working. This hangs at any time while it has more than 9 GB memory left. Now this completely switched off. Don’t know why. Need to go service centre. I want to switch over to either HTC or Sony now.
+- Very bad product, dint work good for one day also, it is now there in service centre .I wasted my valuable money on this piece, this is second time i have received faulty item from amazon.
+- I am using this product from 8 months, within 8 months device getting hang, Battery backup was worst, while doing charging device getting heat.
+- My iPhone Bluetooth is not working I have checked week back I restarted and check still it’s not working.
+- Really pathetic service, I got a faulty handset, I went to service centre but it won't accept by service people.
+- I received this phone on the 24/5/2015. I was very excited but just after 3 days of usage the phone is overheating very quickly and in app sounds have just disappeared. There is no volume in any of apps but the ringtone and everything are still working. It's overall a superb phone by apple but something faulty with the retailer maybe. I would still recommend this phone but maybe not from Cloudtail.
+- Received my iPhone 5s on Dec 21st. The upper part of the screen has the yellowish tint and also getting heated up on charging. Shown to the Apple service centre. I did not expect such issues at all on the 1st day of 5s ownership. Will have to return the product if Apple service centre does not replace the handset.
+- It’s been 28 hours I brought this iPhone 5s. Its get extremely hot while using browser and while charging as well.
+- Facing issue with phone, keys are getting press automatically, feeling irritated auto switching to another pages here & there.
+- Battery life is very disappointing. In 4G mode with minimal to no use, the battery would last for half a day. In 3G mode with minimal use it will last a day. I had moved from Samsung because of its battery life but not a great move. Otherwise rest of the performance is satisfactory not super extraordinary. One thing which was far better than Samsung was iPhone doesn't hang at all.
+-  can find a gap between the front screen n the aluminium body at the right top corner of iPhone 5s tat i purchased 2 days back is it normal. When pressed the screen it flexes in. Will anything happen to it in future. 
+- didn't like the iPhone 5S as a product... there are no improvement on camera side when we compare to 4S. I would like to return this phone to amazon and by any good android phone for my personal use. Please let me know how I can return this product even I crossed the no of days as written in return policy.
+- Total waste of money. Amazon sold me a defective piece wherein the phone is getting hung since the first day. I need a replacement at the earliest with the original phone. 
+- As i got my phone 3 days back I’m facing problem with the camera. There is a wave like line on screen when using camera in video mode.
+- Phone gets heated too much.
+- Phone is working fine, but the lock button is wobbly, even the volume buttons are pretty loose too.
+- Battery backup is very less and the phone overheats frequently even if it is in sleep.
+- It is not operating friendly and phone gets continue hanged with the update of ios8.
+- Very very small battery life and Internet not working only 1715 mah battery.
+- Charger and phone both are heating up and apple support is not able to figure out. I am working with them and hoping that they will provide the solution but at this point, I am not happy with it as you don't want this after spending so much money.
+- I am not happy with the performance.it frequently getting hanged which is very unusual in iPhone. Screen gets blurred at least twice every day. I need to restart every time it happens. I doubt the genuinity of the product I received.
+- In was expecting a phone worth of 35K not having issues like touch screen issue, delay in response time etc. really disappointed with the phone and with seller.
+- This phone used to get heated very quickly and more over the voice quality isn't that great.
+- There was a signal issue with this phone, like anywhere i was irrespective of inside or outdoor, I had only 3 dots and it never went full anytime, I tested this for 3+-4 days. Then when I took it to the service station they told it’s better to return it. Then I did so.
+- IPhone 5s is outdated as compare to its competitor. it’s not good as per todays gadgets. guys buy some other phone.
+- The item is not upto the mark. I used a moto g 1st gen mobile which i feel had a greater signal (Wi+-Fi or mobile network) reception than this iPhone. This also heats up fast when charging. The battery backup is pathetic. Sometimes the music stops in between and you need to restart the phone to trigger it again. I wonder if this is a new iPhone or a refurbished one.
+- After working fine for few days. Phone started to hang on to camera app. WhatsApp is not working smoothly pics are taking too much time and uploading getting failed also. Something is wrong. Talked to Amazon customer care.. As now 10 days are over so I need to visit apple store. Hopefully they will the accept product as genuine and do the needful.
+- Nothing can match android. Bit disappointed with the phone.. Anybody planning to buy this there are many other options in android. Apps are very old with no updates.. Totally not worth buying this but i am fine with coz i have invested on it...phone gets hanged sometimes and switches off by itself. APPS are outdated...
+- The phone was ok in the initial week. However thereon the voice was always breaking in all calls. But since it wasn't eligible for a return, I'm now stuck with the product.
+- I purchased and after one month battery backup remained only for 5 hours. Under warranty it was replaced but after one year, the same problem in new replaced phone. It seems this is the general problem in iPhone 5s.
+- After using big display mobiles, you may feel 4 inch display is too small. Apart from this, heating issue and uncomfortable to use apps, not like android.
+- I had faced issues with this phone, it didn’t had the updated soft wares, the phone use to heat up while in use.
+- The charger plug provided was defectiveBut chose not to return it back since I would not have a phone to use till the replacement happens.
+- There is problem in my iPhone speaker is too low even can't hear phone ring and when loud mic don't work.
+- It is becoming heat white charging and playing games with in 10 minutes. Otherwise its good product.
+- gets heated up while charging or even calling for 10 minutes. over priced
+- Phone looks great, but I can't merge calls that's the main drawback I faced till now.
+- Not great features as compared to value for money just a brand name to show off.
+- It is getting heated while charging and also while playing games.
+- I have changed my mind to purchase iPhone 6 instead of iPhone 5.
+- repeated shut down issue within 20 days of purchase.
+- Performance ok but battery backup is not so good.
+-  This phone is defective but i have noticed it later as i have put the cover on this. This is having is defective on the upper right hand back side. Even after fully charged the battery goes to 10% in less than 12 hours. It seems that this iPhone is not real one as there are multiple supplier of the phones so the actual supplier is not 100% genuine.
+- Purchased for my wife, and she complains about network issues. Battery life appears to be good with moderate use.
+- This is very disappointing that after purchasing Apple iPhone 5s 16 GB getting a defective product. It is totally waste of time and money. I want my money refunded as early as possible because why a customer would suffer due to availability of defective products.
+- Screen is just 4 inches and features are all 2013 based better go for Nexus 6. I'm regretting buying this dumb phone and just week after buying resell value is 50%.
+- I bought the phone. I was super pumped about it. I unboxed it and put up the phone for charging. Day+-1 it was okay, second day i put the phone for charging and it was not charging at all. I tried to switch ports thinking there might be problem with my switch boards. Still, the phone was not working. I had to connect it to my laptop using the cable.
+- iPhone 5S is very good but it's little expensive n not value for money.
+- My iPhone Bluetooth is not working I have checked week back I restarted and check still its not working.
+- defected product and not customer service against the same.nobody is going to take follow up with me.
+- The phone is getting extreme hot while charging. On USB charging it doesn't precipitate so much heat. Can any one of you please suggest whether its normal or am I having a faulty handset.. It is manufactured April 2015. Any advice or solution would be of great help. Thanks. Rest everything its A OK.
+- I tried to activate the phone but its dead, its stuck on one screen and the most aweful part is that i had an emergency the same day i received the phone and had to go out so i didn't activate it the same day, now when i finally tried activating it after around 2 weeks of receiving the phone, its dead and the refund period has expired.
